+++
title = "2019-09-30 Officer Meeting"
template = "post.html"
date = 2019-09-30
tags = ["meeting-minutes"]
+++
# 2019-09-30

Start Time: 19:00  
End Time:   __END_TIME__  

## Attendance
- Helen    (President)
- Mike     (Vice President)
- Nathan   (Treasurer)
- Louis    (Systems Admin)
- ~~Charlie  (Community Ambassador)~~
- Hemant   (Membership)
- Ashmita  (Webmaster)
- Charles  (Secretary)
- Ace      (Committee Member)
- Cole     (Committee Member)

## Last Week's TODOs
### Today
- Everyone:
  - [x] paper pals posters
- Charles:
  - [x] Talk to Matt
- Charlie:
  - [x] Update sponsor spreadsheet
- Helen:
  - [x] Update sponsor spreadsheet
### One Week
- Helen
  - [ ] email darielle about target site visit
  - [ ] minnehack budgets best case, worst case, normal case
  - [ ] Charlie Key
  - [ ] Delete PayPal (with charles)
  - [ ] talk to CSE IT, department about labs for unix classes
  - [ ] find CLPs that do payment different
  - [ ] Talk to sponsors
  - [x] help charles with MLH stuff
- Charlie:
  - [ ] Talk to all sponsors on list
  - [ ] Tell Helen key number
- Louis
  - [ ] ~~Talk to Matt about sys things~~
  - [ ] door update (.5 weeks)
  - [ ] look at judging criteria for SDC
  - [ ] ~~fix clubby~~
- Nathan:
  - [x] Order Pizza 9-26-2019
  - [ ] Haunted Computer Purchase (with Helen?)
- Charles:
  - [ ] ~~Put that one newsletter on the site~~
  - [x] documents to mlh By Saturday
- Mike:
  - [ ] Contact someone about reserving the Great Hall for MinneHack 2021(?)
  - [ ] Update GopherLink Pictures
### Four Weeks
- Charles:
  - [ ] Migrate all ACM files to the team drive
- Louis:
  - [ ] ~~Organize server closet (Thomas/Helen/Charles will help?)~~
  - [ ] Finish CTF write ups
  - [ ] Scan the old pictures
- Nathan:
  - [ ] Do SSF application stuff (by Oct 24)
### Blocked/Long Term
- Louis:
  - [ ] Write CTF running guide
  - [ ] 10Gb project (pending Irene)
  - [ ] Talk to OIT/NTS about MinneHack networking
  - [ ] Set up mail on acm domain


## Suggestions
None

## Officer Interest
None new, helen will email old responses.

## Topics for Discussion
- Helen: Officer Workload Check-In
- Helen: server shelves
- Helen: personal items being left in acm
- Ace: TCFF FB Message
- Helen: CSE Org Fair Wednesday
- Helen: Target Site Visit
- Helen: Target Site Visit Posters
- Helen: Paper Pals Pizza
- Helen: UNIX Class Pizza
- Helen: Key Status
- Helen: SDC Shirts 
- Helen: Hack UIOWA
- Helen: Other Event Posters
- Charles: SDC Shirts

## Minutes
- Helen: Officer Workload Check-In
  - Everyone seems to be doing okay or would like more work.
- Helen: server shelves
  - Helen: this seems like a thing that can use membership fees if needed.
- Helen: personal items being left in acm
  - Helen: this keeps happening, it makes me angry. I don't know how to stop that, but putting things on the lost and found more aggressively might help.
  - Ace: Officers making sure that they let people know would help as well.
  - Helen: we should put up a sign saying, you can put a mug here, but personal food items are not allowed.
  - Mike: we should put up a sign saying that these cups are member property and you should not use them if you don't have permission.
  - Ace: [we could do] unnamed cups are communal.
  - Mike: I don't like the idea of making people opt out of sharing their mug.
  - Louis: I think it's weird having mugs being the sole exception of people being able to leave things here.
  - Helen: I will put dirty mugs in the lost and found.
  - Helen: what we are going to do is make a sign that says communal mugs are specifically labeled, do not use unlabeled mugs, dirty mugs go to lost and found immediately if left unnatended.
- Ace: TCFF FB Message
  - Helen: we got a message from the twin cities film festival saying that they are showing some films about CSCI and we might be interested in [?].
  - Ashmita: do we want to organize something.
  - Helen: we can say "we are going in together on some tickets". We should do the discount code since that works better.
  - Mon and Wed of week of 21st at 5 pm.
  - Helen: I will respond and say we don't know how many but we will take a discount code and give it to members.
  - Ace: related, who should have the facebook?
  - Helen: I think that any officer that wants access to it or wants to help with it can have access to it.
- Helen: CSE Org Fair Wednesday
  - Helen: who is going to be there.
  - It is 9\:30-2\:00pm in tate
  - Mike: I can be there until like 12\:50 (except end)
  - Louis: second half (12:15)
  - Nathan I cant
  - Helen: I can be there from 10-11 and 12-1
  - Hemant: 9:30-11
  - Louis: Bring the duder and pop his top as per ushe
- Helen: Target Site Visit
  - Helen: looks like best day is oct 10 from 1-3, but only slightly best
  - Charles: I will be there the whole time
  - Mike: I cant make that
  - Louis: My class ends at 1:10
  - Helen: I will email for oct 10 and ask for directions.
  - Charles: you should also ask if people can arrive and abscond as needed
  - Helen: OK
  - we should also ask what information for sign up form.
- Helen: Target Site Visit Posters
  - Helen: Ashmita can you have this done by tomorrow?
  - Ashmita: Yes
- Helen: Paper Pals Pizza
  - Nathan: How many do we want
  - Helen: 5
  - Nathan: that seems like a lot
  - Helen: IDK how many people will show up, we have budget for 6
  - Helen: I think we should only do 5, subtract a cheese. I don't care if they are cut in 16
  - Nathan: I will have them cut anyway.
- Helen: UNIX Class Pizza
  - Helen: u good
  - Nathan: yea
- Helen: Key Status
  - Helen: I want cassie's key back, she didn't have it with her today
  - Mike: She said tomorrow or wednesday.
  - Mike: we still need charlie's key number.
- Helen: SDC Shirts 
  - How many do we want
  - Ace: 35
  - 45 shirts because it fits in the budget
  - Charlie: this will cost $336.20
- Helen: Hack UIOWA
  - Helen: they emailed and asked if we can advertize (poster and email)
  - Helen: I have asked if they will advertize for MH in return.
- Helen: Other Event Posters
  - Helen: we need SDC poster ASAP, charlie will work on tomorrow or wed 
  - Helen: in the future, we shoul ahve posters designed a month in advance. We should also print and put up more donuts posters.

## TODOs
### Newsletter
- Events
- Hack UIOWA
- Target Site Visit
- TC Film F
- MinneHack (with link)


### Today
- Mike:
  - [x] bother charlie
- Helen:
  - [ ] email darielle about target site visit

### One Week
- Helen: 
  - [ ] minnehack budgets best case, worst case, normal case
  - [ ] Charlie Key
  - [ ] Delete PayPal (with charles)
  - [ ] talk to CSE IT, department about labs for unix classes
  - [ ] find CLPs that do payment different
  - [ ] Talk to sponsors
  - [ ] Target site visit email (see minutes for details)
- Charlie:
  - [ ] Talk to all sponsors on list
  - [ ] Tell Helen key number
- Charles:
  - [ ] SDC Flyer (by Wednesday)
- Mike:
  - [ ] Contact someone about reserving the Great Hall for MinneHack 2021(?)
  - [ ] Update GopherLink Pictures
  - [ ] Nuke and reinstall clubby
  - [ ] Email people who filled out the leadership form
- Louis
  - [ ] door update (.5 weeks)
  - [ ] look at judging criteria for SDC
- Nathan:
  - [ ] Haunted Computer Purchase (with Helen?)
  - [ ] Pizza 1
  - [ ] Pizza 2
- Ashmita
  - [ ] Newsletters on site
### Four Weeks
- Nathan:
  - [ ] Do SSF application stuff (by Oct 24)
- Charles:
  - [ ] Migrate all ACM files to the team drive
- Louis:
  - [ ] ~~Organize server closet (Thomas/Helen/Charles will help?)~~
  - [ ] Finish CTF write ups
  - [ ] Scan the old pictures
### Blocked/Long Term
- Louis:
  - [ ] Write CTF running guide
  - [ ] 10Gb project (pending Irene)
  - [ ] Talk to OIT/NTS about MinneHack networking
  - [ ] Set up mail on acm domain
