+++  
title = "2019-07-22 Officer Meeting"  
template = "post.html"  
date = 2019-07-22  
tags = ["meeting-minutes"]  
+++  
# 2019-07-22

Start Time: 18:45  
End Time:   19:38  

## Attendance
- Helen     (President)
- Nathan    (Treasurer)
- Charles   (Secretary)
- Charlie V (Community Ambassador)


## Last Week's TODOs
### Short Term
 - Charles:
     - [x] MinneHack favicon
 - Charlie V:
     - [ ] Think talks
     - [ ] Find Minnehack sponsors
 - Helen:
     - [ ] Room registration for MH2021 (NOT FEB 6 OR 7)
     - [ ] Change Discord role permissions so that unpaid members can see everything but Fun and Admin
     - [ ] Clean up Discord Channels
     - [ ] Work on MH2020 Registration form
     - [ ] Update Shana as ACM National Advisor
     - [ ] send minnehack prospectus to ameriprise
     - [ ] Reply to Ben Koch about CSE Week
 - Louis:
     - [ ] Scan the old pictures
     - [ ] Update/Archive MH19 website
     - [ ]  CTF Write Ups
     - [ ] Change all passwords
     - [ ] Find cost difference between 5/10Gb network equipment
     - [ ] Talk to NTS and Irene about details of above
     - [ ] look at getting replacement power supply
     - [ ] talk to Gabe about aquiring used 5/10Gb gear from companies
 - Nathan:
     - [ ] Schedule carpet cleaning (2nd week of aug)
### Medium Term
 - Helen:
     - [ ] Look into ACM and MinneHack website accessibility
 - Louis:
     - [ ] Organize server closet (Thomas and Helen will help?)

## Suggestions
None

## Topics for Discussion 
 - Charles: UNIX classes dates
 - Ace: Old accounts
 - Isai: swearing on  acm produced content re: book catalog on website
 - Charles: Sue email
 - Charles: DASH mystery hunt on campus, MH sponsor tier ?
 - Ace: Send out job opportunity to membership (see meta)
 - Charles: CSE student orgns - get to know SESB meeting

## Minutes
 - Helen: Fall meeting times
   - Helen: We need to pick meeting times, it's looking liek Wednesday at 8:30 or monday at 8, or a weekend
   - Charlie: Monday at 5
   - Helen: How about Tuesday at 6?
   - Charlie: Monday at 5 for now.
   - Helen: Ok it's Monday at 5
 - : UNIX classes dates (general event scheduling)
   - Helen: fridays are bad idea, wednesday or thudsday would be better
   - Nathan: I love Thursday
   - Charlie V: Tue or Wed
   - Helen: according to louis and helen schedule tue @ 6-7 is good time, we are having four UNIX classes. Does the second week of classes sound fine?
   - Nathan: Seems early
   - Helen: That's kinda the point
   - Nathan: Cool, that makes sense
   - Charlie: Dount with department should be around that week too. Also I will try to set up Thinktalk around that week or the following week.
   - **final (ish) dates for events are in the event planning spreadsheet in drive**
   - Ace: I think sdc mid-late october
   - helen: paper readings early october, how about october 2 at 7-7.5.
   - second paper group meeting mid november or early december
   - helen: study for finals can be as long as we want and just have pizza at some point, pizza at 4?
   - sdc@6:30
   - we should reserve atrium for lan party starting at 3 so that set up works better
   - reserve the ima reception room by reserving the ima atrium and then saying "I dont actually need the atrium part"
   - resume event in one of the big round-table rooms for the interactive feel
 - Ace: Old accounts
   - paypal acct needs to get deleted
   - helen: twitch doesnt need to be deleted, talk to alison/kairi about accessing the acct.
 - Charlie V: Sue email
   - Nathan: I replied to that
   - Helen: we are working on that
 - Charlie V: DASH mystery hunt on campus
     - helen: that sounds cool, want more information
     - I responded
     - Helen: say we've talked about it, we need more information
 - Charlie V: MH sponsor tier ?
     - I am going to send out the tier list this week
     - Helen: its the same [tiers] as last year
     - what is the [date]?
     - Helen: week[end] before super bowl (jan 25)
 - Ace: Send out job opportunity to membership (see meta)
     - this can be in a newsletter including early fall events and a few other announcements
 - Charlie V: CSE student orgns - get to know SESB meeting
     - helen: they meet every wed at 5or6 and we shouldnt schedule events at that time. every week at least one person should go.

## TODOs
### Short Term
 - Charles:
     - [ ] delete paypal
     - [ ] newsletter email on thursday (with job opportunity)
 - Charlie:
     - [ ] Think talks
     - [ ] Find Minnehack sponsors
 - Helen:
     - [ ] Room registration for MH2021 (NOT FEB 6 OR 7)
     - [ ] Change Discord role permissions so that unpaid members can see everything but Fun and Admin
     - [ ] Clean up Discord Channels
     - [ ] Work on MH2020 Registration form
     - [ ] Update Shana as ACM National Advisor
     - [ ] send minnehack prospectus to ameriprise
     - [ ] Reply to Ben Koch about CSE Week
 - Louis:
     - [ ] Organize server closet (Thomas and Helen will help?)
     - [ ] Scan the old pictures
     - [ ] Update/Archive MH19 website
     - [ ] CTF Write Ups
     - [ ] Change all passwords
     - [ ] Find cost difference between 5/10Gb network equipment
     - [ ] Talk to NTS and Irene about details of above
     - [ ] look at getting replacement power supply
     - [ ] talk to Gabe about aquiring used 5/10Gb gear from companies
 - Nathan:
     - [ ] Schedule carpet cleaning (2nd week of aug)
### Medium Term
 - Helen:
     - [ ] Look into ACM and MinneHack website accessibility

