+++  
title = "2019-07-29 Officer Meeting"  
template = "post.html"  
date = 2019-07-29  
tags = ["meeting-minutes"]  
+++  
# 2019-07-29

Start Time: 18:30  
End Time: 19:37  

## Attendance
- Helen   (President)
- Mike    (Vice President)
- Nathan  (Treasurer)
- Louis   (Systems Admin)
- Charlie (Community Ambassador)
- Charles (Secretary)

## Last Week's TODOs
### Short Term
- Charles:
  - [ ] delete paypal
  - [ ] newsletter email on thursday (with job opportunity)
- Charlie:
  - [ ] Think talks
  - [ ] Find Minnehack sponsors
- Helen:
  - [ ] Room registration for MH2021 (NOT FEB 6 OR 7)
  - [ ] Change Discord role permissions so that unpaid members can see everything but Fun and Admin
  - [ ] Clean up Discord Channels
  - [ ] Work on MH2020 Registration form
  - [ ] Update Shana as ACM National Advisor
  - [ ] send minnehack prospectus to ameriprise
- Louis:
  - [ ] Organize server closet (Thomas and Helen will help?)
  - [ ] Scan the old pictures
  - [x] Update/Archive MH19 website
  - [ ] CTF Write Ups (1/2 done)
  - [ ] Change all passwords
  - [ ] Find cost difference between 5/10Gb network equipment
  - [ ] Talk to NTS and Irene about details of above
  - [x] look at getting replacement power supply
  - [ ] talk to Gabe about aquiring used 5/10Gb gear from companies
  - [x] Reply to Ben Koch about CSE Week
- Nathan:
  - [ ] Schedule carpet cleaning (2nd week of aug)
### Medium Term
- Helen:
  - [ ] Look into ACM and MinneHack website accessibility

## Suggestions
None  

## Topics for Discussion
- Helen: Purpose of Twitch channel
- Helen: Meeting attendance
- Helen: CTF
- Helen: More formalized method for event retros?
- Chalie: Make sure day is correct on the sponsorship outline (urgent)
- Helen: Couch
- Helen: Organize server closet
- Helen: Room decorations?

## Minutes
- Helen: Purpose of Twitch channel
    - Louis: for streaming things at LAN Party
    - we can keep it
- Helen: Meeting attendance
    - meeting attendence has been low and needs to be higher
    - if people miss a certain number of meetings in a row something should happen
    - at some meeting in the future we should talk about what happens ^^
- Helen: CTF
    - when does louis want to have CTF
    - louis: pair it down to 2 and have one near (before) winter break and one nearer to end of year.
    - louis: tues also works
    - **DECEMBER 3, 5-8 PM**
    - louis: a lot of errors were because of non-technical stuff, someone else should be in charge of that
- Helen: More formalized method for event retros?
    - what if we planned specific meetings for debrief
    - **will do**
- DOnuts with depart
    - spam proffessors 2 weeks before
    - also grad students (TAs)
- Chalie: Make sure day is correct on the sponsorship outline (urgent)
    - we need deadlines correct, I moved everything back one week [from last year].
    - _dates were checked_
    - Helen: we should have shirts order 6 weeks before event (dec 6), so we need logos, sizes, etc. by that day
- Helen: Couch
    - we need to order the couch (nathan)
    - nathan will do
- Helen: Organize server closet
    - must get done
    - **AUG 11**
- Helen: Room decorations?
    - room decorations are good
    - Are there other things that could be done to be more inviting?
    - _nothing important was said_
- MinneHack Timeline
    - Nov 1 - email about booth locations
    - Dec 6 - all sponsor information is due: shirt sizes, logos, mentor list for shirt ordering etc. 
    - Dec 28 - api/product placement due
    - Dec 39 - mentor position last update, prizes
    - Jan 10 - we need to recieve swag
        - Prizes can be brought on the day, but if we are to distribute we need them on the 10th

## TODOs
### Short Term
- Charles:
  - [ ] delete paypal
  - [ ] newsletter email on thursday (with job opportunity, ctf writeup) (mailchimp)
  - [ ] look for mlh accreddited
- Charlie:
  - [ ] Think talks
  - [ ] Find Minnehack sponsors
- Helen:
  - [ ] Change Discord role permissions so that unpaid members can see everything but Fun and Admin
  - [ ] Clean up Discord Channels
  - [ ] Work on MH2020 Registration form
  - [ ] Update Shana as ACM National Advisor
  - [ ] send minnehack prospectus to ameriprise (asap)
- Louis:
  - [ ] Organize server closet (Thomas and Helen will help?)
  - [ ] Scan the old pictures
  - [ ] finish CTF Write Ups
  - [ ] Change all passwords (asap)
  - [ ] find bins for organization for HW lab <$100
- Mike:
  - [ ] Room registration for MH2021 (NOT FEB 6 OR 7)
- Nathan:
  - [ ] Schedule carpet cleaning (2nd week of aug)
  - [ ] Order couch
### Medium Term
- Charles:
  - [ ] shirt for SDC
- Helen:
  - [ ] Look into ACM and MinneHack website accessibility
- Louis:
  - [ ] 10Gb project
